Improve timespan parsing (#262)
NLnetLabs/cascade: doc/manual/source/man/cascaded-policy.toml.rst

   security of the zone.

   Independent validity times are set for KSKs, ZSKs, and CSKs.  An integer
   value will be interpreted as seconds, 'forever' means keys never expire, and
   a time string such as "365d" will be interpreted as 365 days. Supported

>    suffixes include "s", "m", "h", "d" and "w".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   value will be interpreted as seconds, ``forever`` means keys never expire, and
   a time string such as ``"365d"`` will be interpreted as 365 days. Supported
   suffixes include ``s``, ``m``, ``h``, ``d`` and ``w``.
```

   signatures will be regenerated; it must be less than the ``signature-lifetime``
   setting.

   An integer value is interpreted as seconds. A string is interpreted as time

>    string with a number followed by a unit (i.e. "s", "m", "h", "d", or "w").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   An integer value is interpreted as seconds. A string is interpreted as a time
   string and is a number followed by a unit (i.e. ``s``, ``m``, ``h``, ``d``, or ``w``).
```
